Gwenevere Abriel: 7651 or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel Guerrero
Daniel Guerrero: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so it looks like you are you creating some alone time in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your room. Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: Let me just close this door right quit.
Daniel Guerrero: Studying right now.
Daniel Guerrero: They all have
Daniel Guerrero: Assignments and stuff that they're doing with their team here. So they're doing a face to face.
Daniel Guerrero: Classroom this morning, so
Daniel Guerrero: It'll be quiet for a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me get inside your, your note here, I just want to see where we are with some of
Gwenevere Abriel: My preparation pieces. I was thinking we might be able to do something kind of different today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And less talk therapy and more about reprocessing and desensitization sort of getting it some of that early trauma kind of changing the relationship to it, but I'm not sure what we have in place here. So let me just take a look in your record. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you doing, by the way.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, you know, I'm doing actually pretty good. We're doing
Daniel Guerrero: And I do say we because like, I'm just looking at us like as myself as a whole. So like I think we're doing really great
Daniel Guerrero: Considering you know like dirt go the changes in the world, you know, and just all of that, you know, I just, we just continue to put our faith in God. You know, and just allow him to do what he wants to do in our lives. And so
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: For that reason, I just leave that we're all we're sitting comfortable as we're sitting today and and we're all doing well, you know, but
Daniel Guerrero: You know there's there's less drama there's there's less
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, kids, the kids, right, especially when you got six of them, you know, so other than that things are really great
Daniel Guerrero: How about yourself. You're doing good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, sorry I'm typing. I know I look like I'm ignoring you. But I don't mean to look like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's see we got open
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm opening up a note and it'll look like I'm distracted, but I'm not. What I'm doing is looking at, at your record right now.
There's no
Gwenevere Abriel: You record sound so awful. I'm gonna change that word I want to say a note, our previous note.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I'm used to. I'm used to people saying, well, your record. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like that. I probably made your stomach turn just now. I'm so sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which reminds me, I saw this. Oh my gosh, I saw this video actually Dr. Rob rail. Send it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, I want to get it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to see if I'm going to write myself a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really think it would resonate with you just write a note to myself. But for someone to look and see something in my last progress note.
Gwenevere Abriel: So last one. So we're due for 12 today's for 16 so we do need to review. So today, real quick, just want to make real quick statements. We don't have to spend a lot of time on it, but I want to do a couple of updates.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to update make a little statement if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: And then move on, make a statement, move on. Okay. Because this could take the whole session and you're going to miss out on some of the more therapeutic things okay ready. All I'm doing right now is just dropping in
Gwenevere Abriel: Your impression. Just a quick little comment when you look at your goal of I want more self control. Once you to look inward. Once you assess go inside. Don't tell me, just go inside.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just sort of Roll tape. Hmm. This is how I used to be when I didn't have self control. This is kind of when I was learning new means of self control I'm maybe I'm learning how to use this breath technique I'm going for the walk.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking, new thoughts like, is this a me problem. A you problem I'm remembering the development of the brain. I'm remembering. I want to change a generation. I want to be this kind of parent
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I assess how is my self control. So how do you assess your progress in managing self control.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm still need some work.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: I'm not honest here.
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: We're not going to be able to, you know, reach a goal. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now let's hit honesty straight up. Let's keep it raw. I know it still needs some work because straight up this morning I dropped the F bomb. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Screamed and I couldn't believe I did it, it was over just a wet towel on the floor, that's keeping it real.
Daniel Guerrero: What have you know what it's crazy because that's one of my pet peeves. I
Daniel Guerrero: towels on the floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: so disgusting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nina. It happened to me to the man is almost 12 them like, That's so nasty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nasty but kind of the wash. Okay. But listen. Now you tell me what happened this morning that that's your evidence, tell me a story. This happened and I did this.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, you know what this morning I'm nothing that's happened yet. Okay. You know, this morning, we've had a pretty good morning.
Daniel Guerrero: I got up at seven, you know. Today's my son's birthday, he turned 15 today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, happy birthday, man.
Daniel Guerrero: And so we went and I kind of, I completely blew him off last night. He came in here about midnight the night. Well, guess what today is, you know, and I'm just like, Yeah, happy birthday, you know, just kind of blew them off, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Because I had something planned for him this morning before my wife went to work. So we went bought him a cake and, you know, we'll come
Daniel Guerrero: Up with a to him and stuff. So this morning, has been a good morning for us so far.
Daniel Guerrero: And like I said, the kids are in school right now. I mean, they're in our kitchen, but they're FaceTime in in school, so, so, so, so far it's been a good, a good morning, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, here I don't get wrapped up on the day you this is for you to tell you know what Glenn. I know I need work on self control because that the date that's for you to fill in the blank that that that that I said and did this one.
Daniel Guerrero: Well yesterday.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, yesterday I kind of blew up at work, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I could have, you know, being the team leader, I could have had a little bit more self control there and you know lead more by an example. And I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: You're being vague. I don't know what blow up is maybe blow up over here looks like this. Maybe BLOW TO YOU LOOKS LIKE THAT. What did you do and say when someone did and said something
Daniel Guerrero: I got in the ass. I'm like,
Daniel Guerrero: Basically, like you know you're not doing your fucking job and can't keep up.
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, these words didn't come out. I didn't say you know you didn't work. The book because those are the words that wanted to come out. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you say, What did you say
Daniel Guerrero: I say you can't even keep up with the French fries dude like
Daniel Guerrero: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. And what happened right before that. So what was the, um, the provoking either build up. It was 123
Gwenevere Abriel: It was. This is the fifth time this guy did it, or the fifth time someone did it. What was the build up that then it was you can't even do this and now you want more responsibility. What was the build up.
Daniel Guerrero: The build up was
Daniel Guerrero: There like lack their lack of being able to control what they're doing, because they're in a corner.
Daniel Guerrero: And their lack of being responsible that corner their lack of being responsible for their jobs pissed me off because I there. I told them exactly how to do it, how to do it right out of the book and like to be I wasted my time.
Daniel Guerrero: Right way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I believe I wasted my time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they went and clearly
Gwenevere Abriel: They didn't do what you had taught them.
Daniel Guerrero: Or I mean you know that's why i say i think i was in the wrong, you know, because like we were seriously busy yesterday, like I'm saying seriously busy.
Daniel Guerrero: I mean, I ran around 1800 dollars yesterday in five hours. That's how busy you are
Daniel Guerrero: You know and I know that I don't know if you ever ever have ever worked in a restaurant business before or done fast food.
Daniel Guerrero: Restaurant that's that's that's that's busy. That's super busy. Yeah.
No. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's, let's, let me just dip in here a member, how I slow time down
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a whole other thing to have given me a detail than it is to just say, Hey, I blew up. Notice the difference. Notice how much more vulnerable. You are to my criticizing you, to my redirecting you or something. Notice your vulnerability and that when you actually give me content right
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel it. Oh, I would have rather just said I'd look at work. Notice that right who I wish you wouldn't have pushed me
Daniel Guerrero: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Now, look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I criticizing you
Know, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not like that in. I'm not going to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: I am going to slow time down because remember the the opening today was I want to touch lightly on how you assess you're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll take it from there and see where we go. Maybe we'll do a little inner some deeper work, but I wanted to see what would come up just touching on some of these topics. And he said, it still needs work.
Gwenevere Abriel: At press a little harder into how do you assess yourself and you pulled up a memory. And then I pressed harder and said, well, let's be specific and what you ended up saying at
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of your staff, or at least one dude, you can't keep up with the French fries. You can't even. That's the key word right
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. There we go. Was that even and I didn't even put that one in there. You can't even keep up with the French fries.
Gwenevere Abriel: That gets it even right so right. How am I supposed to expect you to do this, this, this, this, I need right inside your thinking. I need you just to be able to do five more things really well. This is just one I just taught you. What the what.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, okay, so now remember you assess yourself as I want more self control. So here's the thing. You also gave me a really neat glimpse into what you were actually thinking of what you would have liked it. If you didn't have a filter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello would have sounded right yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. We all have those. And you know what your filter was operating at the time, so I'll do you say to me, it needs work.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think your filter is working.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you have one, I think it is functioning. It might be a dial, much like I have dials for a skill. It might be that what it needs is maybe an updated app.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because right and that the apps can come from my fancy words like we can have these little phrases instead of. You're not even doing the french fries, we can come up with a new little upgrade.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the dial itself, but the the operating system itself fully functioning what you didn't do was take the fries and throw it in his face.
Daniel Guerrero: Right. Hey, and trust me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and or or getting his ear and go
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so let's let's keep it real your filter was working
Gwenevere Abriel: You were in control, you may just want more tools on how to deliver that information in a way that you like even more. And that's where you and I can play with. We can play with that but give yourself some credit, you could have lost that job right then in there.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh yeah, trust me.
Daniel Guerrero: You don't know how many boxes I kicked yes you're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I made a note, let's jump. I know, let's jump over to another one. Here we go. You're doing great. We're just going to pop in and pop out. I want to build a resume, I believe you have already reached that goal. But you tell me
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I got there, right. I did one
Daniel Guerrero: On the resume. I got one response I had like 10 reviews and and I got one response, but the response I got was
Gwenevere Abriel: Not
Daniel Guerrero: being selfish here. It was not what I was looking for because the the job that you know
Daniel Guerrero: They're like will give you 30 hours a week.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, you come in, start at the bottom.
Daniel Guerrero: Work your way up.
Daniel Guerrero: And so I'm like well quit the job that I have go work for $9 an hour work my way up. But there's opportunity there because the matter can climb. From there, because they're not only the franchise or also a corporation as well.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, working at another restaurant. But then I looked at the downsides of it is like, I'm going to lose two weeks, my bills won't wait two weeks.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm going to lose $1 and 15 cents. I want to lose. I want to lose over maybe 25 hours every paycheck.
Daniel Guerrero: It's always just like, you know, there was a lot of, you know, do I DO THIS. DO I NOT WHAT DO I DO. And then at the end, you don't have to stay where I'm at, because
Daniel Guerrero: For one, it's convenient.
Daniel Guerrero: And that and that sucks. You know, because I feel like I feel like I'm working here because it's convenient especially today, you know, especially today. The way you know all these changes are happening.
Daniel Guerrero: Um, if you're if I'm not at home. I'm at work. If I'm not at work. I'm at home and or at Walmart, you know, just
Daniel Guerrero: And that's it. You know, so
Daniel Guerrero: No risk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's the quality of life, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, you know, and so the whole resume thing you know it worked out great. You know, it's going to all these resumes i was i mean i was sending my resume to all these companies and then this happens. And so I'm just like,
Daniel Guerrero: When
Daniel Guerrero: You're when you know I
Daniel
Gwenevere Abriel: We're all in this together.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or in it. Notice how you said we he said the collective I'm doing well, because we are doing well. I'm guessing you're saying you and your wife are making a really good team right now.
Daniel Guerrero: Is that right, yes.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, we've come a long way in the past year, you know, past few months, let's be honest. The past few months, you know, there's we've come a long way. Yeah, there's still some Baker and you're still whatever
Daniel Guerrero: You know, well if you want it done this or if you would have good, bad, or, you know, kind of, you know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna write that down. Because I'm gonna want to circle back to that.
Daniel Guerrero: But for the most part.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're bringing up the past
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, you know, and it's something that we don't practice, you know, it's just so we'll get into a heated argument, you know, we want to bring up the bass. But is that something
Gwenevere Abriel: Shark infested waters.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let's again just touching lightly on this. I'm going to leave that goal here because I'm suspecting later on you and I might explore it a little further on this resume. I'm just gonna leave it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to move over to I want to get GED and education. When we last spoke on April 2
Gwenevere Abriel: Clovis Community College rescheduled and shut down and Clovis, I feel like it's closed door. I also opened up the website, you got to see it firsthand that there are still things you can do. Did it and right there and you forgot all about it.
Daniel Guerrero: Though I mean I'm going to be honest with you. Since then, I haven't
Daniel Guerrero: Looked into it because I'm not because I don't have time.
Daniel Guerrero: Because I'm just tired, you know, it's just
Daniel Guerrero: And I'm not going to make an excuse it, I forgot and or whatever. I mean, I just haven't, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know why I haven't because I know the opportunities there, you know, and I tell my wife every day vendors, the opportunity is there.
Daniel Guerrero: And I just don't get it, you know, because I'm a slow learner. You know, I'm not very bright. You know, but I know I can do the work.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because I missed, I missed my GED, but like three points. You know, I was in prison. I missed it by three points.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, if I would if I would have had like four more months in there. I probably would have passed it.
Daniel Guerrero: I got out. A week later, and soon as I hit the streets I you know I I fall into these responsibilities, you know, and it's just like, you know, it's on the
Daniel Guerrero: It's on the to do list tomorrow and then tomorrow. It's like it's on a to do list by the week by the end of the week. And by the end of the week. This is the end of the month, you know, it's already a new year.
Daniel Guerrero: You hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do. Of course I do. Okay, so we're not. We're not even going to do that one. We just, I just made a little note we're going to move on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, you just pay attention to whether shame gets activated inside around that just you pay attention just note it just notice. Oh, I hate it when that woman brings us up on it. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wish you had written that Darren goal down OVER THERE IT IS. AND NOW WE MOVE ON. SO WE TOUCHED lightly and it came up and hopefully you came in with positive self talk this too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a temporary experience shame to comes in and he goes, and I'm going to get back into feeling motivated and optimistic those feelings also come and unfortunately they go to
Gwenevere Abriel: All of them come and go, our moods, our feelings. They come and they go, let's move into the next goal, which is this one came, I think, very heavily weighted for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it has to do with because I recognize the terminology which is change. This is when you first walked in change people, places and things you almost immediately.
Gwenevere Abriel: just coincidentally, I think I don't know moved you moved and now you are away from sort of those same
Gwenevere Abriel: That same street sort of folks that environment had a positive effect. And then what did you say last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have it. Did my brother in law's still in that he still knocks on my door I purposely make myself busy. If I tell my brother, and if I tell my brother in law. Oh, it will make me look like a coward.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: When you go ahead
Daniel Guerrero: You know now, today, you know, like
Daniel Guerrero: You kind of just knows, you know, like it's a closed door. You know, like
Daniel Guerrero: Don't even don't even spark a conversation like that, you know, don't you know there's got to the point, it's gotten to the point that we're he's always asked me for money, a bro, you got any money. A Bro Bro Bro Bro, and now it's just like
Daniel Guerrero: Hey. What's up, bro. How you doing like a was a analysis chillin and he just, you know, goes on about his business. You know, it's just a Hey what's up you know love you. Love you. All right, later.
Daniel Guerrero: So now it's not even a
Daniel Guerrero: A spark conversation anymore like it used to be, you know, used to be a conversation. Oh man, I'm doing this. I'm doing that.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, what's up, you know. And so now, today, like getting away from that environment into this new environment that I'm in also help close that door. You know what I'm saying. Because today. It's just like
Daniel Guerrero: I say I'm gonna be honest, we don't even think about it, no more, you know, so
Daniel Guerrero: It's done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh huh
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy, I wish it was that easy baby in a
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a rush to health right there. Oh, I don't think about it. Hey, you know what, maybe you don't need to go to treatment anymore. No too soon. It's okay, you get both. You get to feel really proud, you get to observe that those triggers aren't happening as often. That's fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is just the beginning. Okay. It's both like oh there's where, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's so much to learn.
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang in there. Okay. So you said I don't think I'm gonna write that down. I like it. I don't think about what's the it
Daniel Guerrero: Um, you know, and I know, let's be honest here. You know what I'm saying, like, because, because we have substance, because I have substituted, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: The the the pills and everything into into something that that I'm I'm praying and hoping you know that's going to get me completely clean because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I just, I just want to be me again, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That mean
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think about what
Daniel Guerrero: I was saying about getting high anymore. I don't think about, you know, doing pills anymore because, you know, I'm gonna be honest, you know, I was the biggest crackheads smoking meth in marijuana puffin
Daniel Guerrero: All consuming
Daniel Guerrero: Guides ever meet in your life.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I did everything I did everything on the map that there is to do that you did can harm me. I've done it.
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: You know, today I just
Daniel Guerrero: It gives it like, and I think about it, it gives me Oscar, you know, like Oscar. What makes the light turns my stomach. You know, like
Daniel Guerrero: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Is called agita
Daniel Guerrero: Oh really agita
Daniel Guerrero: I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yours is hospital.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hospital. Oh boy. I got a lot of people trying to give me Oscar. I tell you what.
Gwenevere Abriel: Us go
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so. Yeah, no, that's no no good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yes, what's it like to say that to me.
Daniel Guerrero: It feels good. You know who's gonna say that, you know, it feels good to, you know, and I don't want to become like I want to, I want to be proud of what I've done, but I don't want to have too much pride, you know, because to me, I think. Pride is just like one step before failure, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I'm going to be proud of. The moment you know one of the minute because, you know, we're talking about this yesterday.
Daniel Guerrero: When I was at work and I was just like,
Daniel Guerrero: You know I never say never, you know, never want to say never.
Daniel Guerrero: I since I said like today. I don't know whether
Daniel Guerrero: I say, but today I can probably say, You know, I'm clean, you know, but I'm never say never. Because you never know what's going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me again. I know that is hard because there's so much to do in such a short amount of time. I love what you're saying, which is never say never.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's also this this word pride and again I'm going to dip into some language and some other words that might hold that space where you can both feel really accomplished and humble at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I want you to have access
Gwenevere Abriel: To the vitality that can live in that I'm proud and humble, the same time I want you just like everyone else have access to that and for it not to be such a threatening space because yours was just about to be a mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like, but but it right up to it and I'm concerned. So I'm gonna visit that again. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right before failure. So I'm going to, I'm going to come back to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, again, I know today is a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Around here another one of your goals is I want to spend more time with the Lord and in prayer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last time I wrote a little note in March, I wouldn't be in sobriety without him. He guides. My every step, I think God. He is faithful. He loves us when we are on lovable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client reports currently you spending about two minutes in undefined in Meditation, Prayer once an hour a day wants to go to church twice a month. Truth be told, what's really happening.
Daniel Guerrero: Um,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, we can't go to church, you know, but I do, I do watch church every day on TV. You know, I do dedicate those 30 minutes that they do it on on TV, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Every day, or five days a week or three days a week.
Daniel Guerrero: No, I'm talking about every day. I do this, seven days a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: What times the service.
Daniel Guerrero: Well you know I recording so so when I go to work and come home and usually it's at 10 o'clock in the morning. Right.
Daniel Guerrero: So, usually by 10 if I don't catch it at 10 I know it's recorded at
The not
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry, am I can
Daniel Guerrero: Go here. Yeah, yeah. So if I don't catch it in the morning.
Daniel Guerrero: At the end of the night, you know, I do catch it. You know, like last night. Night before
Daniel Guerrero: I packed you that night and after the House has settled down because you can't watch TV in my house without with everybody awake or the kids are going wild.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, because it's never a dull moment in my house of this. Be honest. There's never a dull moment my house. There's always something going on. There's always
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: Moscow Moscow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. Those, those little babies, they're going to give you the Oscar. Oh.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh yeah room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I have no updated 12345 goals. You are amazing. We have those updated.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just hit yes on that. Just go mad Mimi, I'm going to be able to come in a bit. Okay. Um, now we have
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually said something appear that I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: That I can copy on the
Gwenevere Abriel: Crack headed is Smith smokiness drink drunkenness drug dealing as dude you ever nude quote unquote
Daniel Guerrero: This stuff, but it's the truth. You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got to
Daniel Guerrero: Be a but you can set yourself free unless you unless you tell yourself the truth, you know,
Actually
Gwenevere Abriel: It does make it that the presence of another. I'm in, then you're lifting the shame around it which means
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you can really look at the self in a holistic way that there's no part of you that you are rejecting okay so that it serves a really big purpose to actually say the ugly.
Gwenevere Abriel: To say say the shame side to another.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Because I see people that you know they're out there getting high and you know they're messy know and they deny it to the fullest. No, I'm not getting high. I haven't gotten high him three days, four days, you know, but it's just
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I used to do that crap you know and I know what somebody looks like after they've been up for 24 hours.
Daniel Guerrero: Or 72 hours, you know, you can you can just tell you know the eyes are soaking and they got the blackness going eyes are so dilated, you know, their movements good reactions. I know.
Daniel Guerrero: Because I used to work on, you know, and, and for them to sit there and tell me knob on getting high or no bro. I've been clean for this many days.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, they're in denial there. I mean, I don't feel like I don't feel like they should have to lie to me to make themselves feel better about
Daniel Guerrero: You know about themselves, getting high because I used to do the same shit I do the same exact, you know, just be like, Mom, I put that I put that I promise I'm not high and I'm high off my ass, you know, and so
Daniel Guerrero: I just, I just think that, you know, facing
Daniel Guerrero: Facing yourself is the most difficult
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing. Let's do a little work together. Daniel and you haven't done this work before
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you've done so far with me is, notice how we touched on some goals. Right. And you've started to share with me some of your stories, some of your family history being tense of violence, sort of in that family dynamic coming up and now you survived it
Gwenevere Abriel: And part of it has been patterns of
Gwenevere Abriel: Of having to cope using drugs and alcohol having to survive meant slinging having to survive meant
Gwenevere Abriel: Never really getting to grieve never really getting to heal.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not learning ways to manage anger, you've pulled away from the goddess, you know, a lot of impact. And that's just naming a couple of them. Okay, there's a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: And so it becomes, where do we begin the healing. Yes, it's nice to share my just as you did just to say, Yeah, I did these things, but it's it's this next level stuff that I want to introduce to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you get to heal from that history and I want to introduce
Gwenevere Abriel: Some am Dr. To today.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does require some preparation. So we're just if you're willing. I'll do as much or as little education around what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it will make a difference as far as its efficacy, which means you don't have to believe it for it to work. It's not happening hypnosis. It doesn't require you believing
Gwenevere Abriel: In the mechanisms of change for it to work, but it does require a little bit of setup.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on this phone that you're looking at right now, can you possibly maybe go in your kitchen or in your medicine cabinet. See if you can find too tall objects and at the same height.
Gwenevere Abriel: And put them right next to your phone kind of shoulder width apart, if my face is the phone how I'm sitting sort of right next to the phone about the same height. Can you go see if you can grab a couple things.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I got something right here in the bathroom.
Oh, cool.
Daniel Guerrero: What about this this work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awesome. Those are gorgeous. They're exactly the same height. So put them right next to the phone you want about shoulder width apart, which means if you stuck your arms out
Gwenevere Abriel: They'd be coming sort of straight out, they'd be about as wide as your, your shoulders and then as far as distance. You want to be about arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some probably a touch closer on either you bring the table closer to you yeah yeah we're good. You wanted about wrist. I've noticed that this seems to be about the good distance of comfort for people. It's about a wrist to your eyes distance
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's too far. Then you won't get the bilateral stimulation
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the eye movement.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm going to talk to you about is a really complicated process for me but for you. All you gotta do is just answer honestly
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I do want to give you a little information. Okay, so what I'm talking about right now is I'd like to do a technique with you. Maybe today. We may not get to it because it might take the whole time you talking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But down the line. Maybe next time or some other time. But I'd like to do is I like to do. E. M. D. Are you can look that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: what it stands for. And actually I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: A VM. Dr. But we'll get into that in a minute. So em Dr stands for I movement Desensitization and Reprocessing
Gwenevere Abriel: The eye movement part. It's a stupid. They should just change the name because it doesn't require the eye movement, what it requires is bilateral stimulation. So if you were in my office right now. You would be holding little buzzers in your hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you would be feeling. Oh, this my left one my right one, and I could change the
Gwenevere Abriel: Speed did did did did did did did did did did. Did I can change it. I could also change the intensity but you're not here. So what I'm left with typically people are on a phone, much like you
Gwenevere Abriel: What we're left with are these two objects and looking at the top of those two objects, what I would be doing in the middle here is I would be setting the pace with my finger.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you'd be looking without moving your head, you'd be looking at those top a hair sprays or deodorants or whatever they are.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so why don't you do that. Now, let me just look at your eyes as you look at the top of those two hairspray back and forth only left and right, not me in the middle, not me in the middle. This is just setting the pace just left.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, right, left, top of the hairspray or the hairspray or do or what are those things.
Daniel Guerrero: Together hair sprays.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. See you just looking at those two things. And notice how you can, you don't really even need to look at me. You kind of get a sense of the pace and I'm not going to change it. So once you get it. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, did you notice that your eyes were strained just now, did they pull on the muscles. Did it hurt.
No.
Daniel Guerrero: But I mean, I could tell that, you know, like they were like that stranger. Like, I guess kind of strange. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you'd want to do a couple of things right now. I don't know that you are exactly centered. So I don't know if you need to move yourself, your you would move to the right, about three inches. Move on your bed to the right, three inches.
Daniel Guerrero: Three inches. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another another three
Daniel Guerrero: Are you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oops. So the reason why I'm asking you this is you're not quite center with me. So it makes me wonder if all of the objects are off center. They have got is got to be where you and I are dead center.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this and these objects that you are looking left and right equal sides to your eyes. I'll end up doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, regarding
Gwenevere Abriel: What I don't want is this where you're you're looking off and you're just staying over here because remember what I'm looking for is a bilateral stimulation, which means left and right hemispheres of the brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wanting it to be going from side to side. If you were here, I would have a little headphones and you would hear a sound that would be in the left and the right year
Gwenevere Abriel: And you would have little buzzers being put under your thighs or something that you I'd be able to work other means. So it's really important that those two objects. Here's your here's your nose and those two objects are dead on each side you see on the are you exactly in the center.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah exactly in the center, both of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so the phone isn't then something's off because you weren't on the center of my screen or just maybe, maybe. Okay. All right. So we figured out that you had a little bit of ice strained. So let's look at them again might mean sitting back
Daniel Guerrero: just begun my glasses on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I forgot all about definitely
Daniel Guerrero: You know, kind of level that my head or something.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now let's just
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just have you look left and right with your eyes. Don't move your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our connections really crummy
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a great connection.
Daniel Guerrero: Maybe
Daniel Guerrero: Let me, let me turn off my wife.
Daniel Guerrero: Because I have Wi Fi in my house. So let me just go off.
Daniel Guerrero: There we go.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: I disconnected you from my Wi Fi. So I'm hoping that that'll help because everybody's connected to the Wi Fi in my house. So I'm just going to use my
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, my data on my phone. So maybe that'll help us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's just let me see if you're looking left and right only your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. Let's talk objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now all of a sudden, I'm seeing you really looking so some there's something's off.
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know.
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know, there's just too close, where I'm just like, glancing, you know, but when I started looking from wall to wall.
That's when
Gwenevere Abriel: I saw that. I saw that. So, um, this might be a subtle difference to you and like, why am I fussing but I can tell the difference between when someone has me centered
Gwenevere Abriel: And those objects are centered. I can tell because when I see the eyes, what happens is I can see you're looking all the way to one side and only slightly to another, all the way to one side and slightly to another. So my guess is if you stuck your arms straight out like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put your arm straight out. Yeah. See how I cannot see your left arm and I'm looking right at your right one.
Daniel Guerrero: Or got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: off center. I am not in the center that you can have to move that whole phone and all the way. So I am literally straight in front of your nose. I know this is Becky, but this is your mind we're talking about here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go to the left, the whole phone needs to move to the left.
Daniel Guerrero: That's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only about a half inch, not by much.
Daniel Guerrero: What's going to take you completely to this thing.
Daniel Guerrero: This, this helps. Bam.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bam, bam, bam. Now, those little hair sprays are literally exactly equidistant from the phone right there about, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Mmm hmm. Now we're talking.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah there exactly
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, make sure you're about wrist to face distance was to face. OK, now I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: This is great. I can see a difference. So I want you to just just track from the peripheral vision my pace of my finger, but don't stop and look at me. I only want you looking at the top of that hairspray. Blue. Blue. Blue. Blue like that. Okay. Here we go. Ready and
Gwenevere Abriel: setting the pace. Sometimes I'll be setting it slow. Sometimes I'll be setting it fast. And I want you to just look at the top, nothing in the middle just Blue. Blue. Blue. Blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try not to stop in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not all the way the wall just those blue hair sprays because you're as a curt, right, it'll pull on those ocular muscles, you know, and you don't be a stranger. Okay, how, what was that like for you. Was there distress. Was it pulling
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah. To me, it's kind of like
Daniel Guerrero: It was like a little bit stressful. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: autos
Daniel Guerrero: I'm not sure if
Daniel Guerrero: Like if I'm like
Daniel Guerrero: If my eyes or even like moving or am I just looking, you feel me so I'm like, so to make sure that I'm trying to do the exercise. Right. I'm trying to make sure that my eyes are moving and not just
Daniel Guerrero: You know, just glancing
So I'm trying to make
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: So far it looks pretty good. Again, the challenge is the tele health
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to show you what what i want your eyes to do
Gwenevere Abriel: And then maybe you can copy me but also know I did see them. I did see them going left and right. What I couldn't tell, is whether you are also trying to focus on me in the middle. And you don't need to. The only thing you need to be doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is be looking at your to your two objects here like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Top. Top. Top top once you get a taste of it. You don't have to really look at my finger. I will own. I'm not going to change the pace in the middle of an iteration. So once you get it, like, oh, she's asking, left, right, if it doesn't change. So if that helps at all. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And we
Daniel Guerrero: Got a short a short span of attention. So like part of me wants to see what you're doing.
Daniel Guerrero: And I'll do what
Daniel Guerrero: We do so I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, okay, but it's good for me to know that because what, that's what I can learn from you is I might say to myself, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: For Daniel I might do short iterations. I might only do them for 10 seconds and then I'll say
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to give you a little heads up on what this would look like. I'm not telling you the mechanism of change. Yet, if I have time, because it's so 1152 my time.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I have time, I'll explain it, but I can always do it next time. Um, but what it would look like is this, I might say, Daniel want you to picture the worst part of that memory and pull it up into your working awareness and then I might say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel and we would get to it over a lot of discussion, but you would know what I was talking about at the time and I might sit down and not only do I want you to picture the WORST piece of that memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: I also want you to pull up that negative cognition, you have about yourself and hold it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think about that. And I want you to be looking left and right, and I would do that for a little while and then I would in here would say, Okay, now let's inhale together, big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let your mind go blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what comes up for you and then you would share a little bit of information like this. Oh, I started thinking about black a person a thing I had this thought I had this feeling in the body or an emotion and then I would say go with that. And then there'd be another iteration.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which you don't have to do in this particular technique which is really great for people that have
Gwenevere Abriel: Experienced post traumatic stress disorder is that they don't always want to tell their story. They don't always want to go into the gory details, sometimes people do sometimes people don't
Gwenevere Abriel: What's nice for people around this particular technique is you don't have to. All you do is hold it in your awareness, you're thinking about it. That's enough exposure.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have this exercise be effective. Other exposure therapies are I sit here and I listened to you retell and refill all of that trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't do that, typically with people because I think it's very traumatizing for them, which is not to say that there might be stories that you, you want to have a witness to you want another human being to hear the atrocities that you have survived.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I definitely can do that at any time. But there might be other times when all you want to do is only want to think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not to say it and you get to still have the healing impact from this particular technique, which I think is pretty neat.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what this is. There's a lot of work that needs to be done ahead of time that we don't have the time to do it in the six minutes that we have remaining
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I just did was introduced to you. So now when I say, Hey, Daniel. I'd like to continue to prepare for an end our session. Now you have some kind of vague idea. Boy, I better have my little hairspray setup.
Gwenevere Abriel: I better have my phone dead center and I'm going to have it all set up, ready to go. In case she wants to do that.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I would suggest over the next two or three sessions to have it set up just like this. Don't let your wife throw out those blue caps.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: Good about that stuff. Do they take the cap off the cat.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm like, where's the captain hairspray. I don't know that so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm only kidding of course you can do the top of the little, the little nozzles. I'm only joking with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just check in with you though. Right. You just see how you're doing. So I'm introducing a really different kind of technique, it might not be something you've even heard of
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's coming up for you as I introduced that we might do a little deeper work.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, to me it's like
Daniel Guerrero: There's probably something that I do need, you know, because like I want to be honest man, I just feel like I feel like there's something in there, man, that just needs to come out, you know, is
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I think that
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: Two weeks is too long to wait. You know, because you know scheduling two weeks to two
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's change that.
Daniel Guerrero: And so I you know I was as you were talking, I was thinking that
Daniel Guerrero: You know, for us to have another session, I have to wait for two weeks. You know, and I just
Daniel Guerrero: I just
Daniel Guerrero: I just think that whenever we were doing the week to week to week you know was there was. It was working better for me because I was able to, you know, because there's just some things you can't talk to with your wife or your kids or you know what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to meet weekly until you and I decide. Let's try it again. I love it. Let's go back to weekly. I agree. And this work actually demands that of you because it may bring up on processed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Information that you've been kind of compartmentalizing so it actually does need a lot more follow up so that timing spot on. I would have invited the same thing. So we're on the same page. So I'm looking right now at availability for
Gwenevere Abriel: For next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I know an easy one. In the second week is easy because of that. I know I can definitely do this.
Daniel Guerrero: If you have to wait until maybe next time. And then maybe we can work on next. I don't wanna. I don't want to disrupt what you already have going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel I only offer what I can do. You don't have to worry about me but that's very respectful of you i'm i'm looking it just
Daniel Guerrero: Because we have we have to both. Remember that you don't normally you have a schedule, what else I was scheduled to because I can't do anything.
Daniel Guerrero: After two o'clock, and I would prefer to do anything like at this time, or even earlier if you can do even earlier eight o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got you. I'm Daniel. This might seem
Gwenevere Abriel: Weird, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yes I am all booked up. But it's a yes. And it just means I do have some people on an on call list, which means on the fly.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might get a text from me. Hey, are you free in the next five minutes. Can you log on to happen already be up
Gwenevere Abriel: And just jump in here. I know it's not ideal, and I can you typically the night before I can say, hey, can you be on call tomorrow because right now I'm looking at my people. I mean, unless you wanted me to six in the morning. I almost 6am or free right now. I don't think you want to go so
Gwenevere Abriel: Call I'll put you on call from 8am.
Gwenevere Abriel: So to up into that 11am space.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll put you all and then I'll text you quickly or you might get a call from Braveheart so if you see that number coming in. I don't know. It looks like when it comes from our care navigators just pick it up and saying,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, I'm on call. Yeah, I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. Let me give me please put some cold water my face.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then do this little setup, you may want to tell your wife. Hey, we're going to do this cookie stuff and I'm going to be using these hairspray.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to tell her to kind of keep them handy and I'm going to put you on on call. Um, and it's going to be. It just can't be on that same day as group. Otherwise, if I get a last minute cancellation. I will text you okay
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine, but write this down for show for show is going to be your new thing. We got April 30 at 9am
Daniel Guerrero: Right.
Which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Although you are saying, you wouldn't mind something even earlier you said right
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't switch them Thursday. Sorry, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I gotta leave it here for a while. I'm not saying, it'll stay this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for now, let's stick with Thursday. Thursday at nine we for sure we have April 30 at 9am
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Hopefully you can move conflict with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then May six at
Gwenevere Abriel: Nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will ask if this gal can switch to nine, and you go to eight, I will ask okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's your preferred time right ATM. That's the kids are asleep, kind of thing. Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Kids are three
Daniel Guerrero: Usually we're up easy my households usually up about seven but usually they're just on their phones or something or watching TV, you know, until actually we actually get up and then you know this bow starts moving around. But if we can do
Daniel Guerrero: It. Where do like eight o'clock or, you know, that's fine too. I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just closed ended question. Do you prefer eight or nine yes or no eight or nine
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then I won't ask to make the switch. Let me leave you at nine then. Okay, so let me erase that.
Daniel Guerrero: 30th May six, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now we have those and you're on call for next week.
Daniel Guerrero: No. Cool. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and he got called and you'll do I need to message a doctor about either buprenorphine or any of your support medicine.
No. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicely done. Keep up the hard work and I look forward to talking to you next time. And of course, I'll see you in group.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, great. Have a good day. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye bye.